Feat/GitHub actions (#100)
atom/ci: README.md

The `apm test` command assumes your package is using [Jasmine](http://jasmine.github.io)
specs. You can run the specs locally using Atom's spec runner UI from the
`View > Developer > Run Package Specs` menu or by pressing `cmd-ctrl-alt-p`. You
can run `apm help test` to learn more about that command.

#### GitHub Actions

> The CI template uses the [Atom setup Action](UziTech/action-setup-atom@v1) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI template uses the [Atom setup Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-atom) to
```
